COVID-19
Covid 19 which started in the later days of the year 2019, soon got the name as pandemic when the virus start spreading from the Wuhan city of China  to the rest of the world, the main origin of the virus was still unknown , some people said it came out of the bats while the rest said it is a plan of the Chinese to defeat the rest of the world , and has been made in the Wuhan lab in China.
The virus came into recognition when the virus started killing the people in and around and the fact there was no vaccine available for the virus as it was novel. Then gradually the virus started crossing the national and internation borders and the WHO  soon declared the disease as pandemic, the disease caused by the virus was renamed as “COVID-19” (corona virus disease 2019) by WHO.
The pandemic brought a full hustle and bustle in the entire nation and world wide people started getting frightened and scared of the virus , as it could be transmitted via:
1.air
2.saliva
3.nasal droplets
4.Touch to an contaminated object
People started following safety peculations like :
1.wearing a mask to cover the nose and mouth
2. wearing safety gloves
3.frequent use of sanitizers
4.social distancing
5.quarentining an infected person , and many more.
The covid-19 pandemic also affected the entire nation’s economy as schools, colleges , workplaces were closed for months, and the region with a covid 19 patient was declared as a containment zone. The virus also came with numerous symptompts like, high fever, cough ,chest pain, difficulty breathing and lose of sense and many more, also the virus mainly targeted people with weaker immuninty.

The pandemic also affected the lifestyle of an individual in many aspects , as the entire globe was put on to curfew for months , transportation facilities were totally closed , schools and colleges were closed, and even the purchase of necessary food items began difficult.
Then the question arose what about the education , was it put to a halt during the pandemic? The answer to this question was a big “NO” . Humans utilized the most precious gift of technology to continue the education, for the students, online mode of education really gained potential during this period, every student got a chance of accessing the internet and interact with their mates and teachers , conferencing 
